This is Fiji
============

[ Fiji Is Just ImageJ ]

Fiji will provide an easy way to set up Java+ImageJA+TrakEM2+VIB+a lot of
other plugins that are useful to biologists, geologists and every other
scientist who wants to process images.

At the moment, the following platforms are supported:

- Windows-x86
- Windows-x86_64
- Linux-x86
- Linux-x86_64
- MacOSX-PowerPC
- MacOSX-x86
- MacOSX-x86_64

The setup should be as easy as unpacking the (portable) application and
starting the Java wrapper.  The wrapper is a program that starts the Java
machine hands-free, i.e. it sets the correct settings to start up ImageJ
with the plugins directory and heap size set up for you.

In a way, you could say that the "F" in "Fiji" stands for "painless",
"easy", "quick" and "convenient" :-)


Usage
-----

Fiji is meant to be distributed without source, to make the download as
small as possible.  In the basic version, Fiji is a portable application,
i.e. it should run wherever you copy it.

The starting point is the Fiji launcher, which will launch Java, set up
the environment, and call ImageJ.

To pass arguments to ImageJ, just specify them on the command line.

To pass arguments to the Java Virtual Machine, specify them on the command
line, separating them from the ImageJ arguments (if any) with a "--".
In other words, if you want to override the memory setting, call Fiji
like this:

	$ ./fiji-linux -Xmx128m --

Open Source
-----------

We are dedicated to open source.  Not only does open source allow other
developers to port the application to new platforms that the original
authors did not begin to think of, it permits others to use the program
in totally new ways, and enhance it in all imaginable ways.

Therefore, Fiji is licensed under the GNU Public License, version 2 (of
course, this license only applies to Fiji: the build system and the Java
wrapper).  Not version 3, because we think that it is not our job to
educate everybody to be a decent person; that's every person's own job.

In the same vein, Fiji will contain only Open Source software, unless
there are good reasons for a non-open sourced component to be included.

But those would need to be _very_ compelling reasons.

Participating
-------------

See NOTES.

Authors
-------

Albert Cardona
Benjamin Schmid
Cornelius Sicker
Dan White
Erwin Frise
Gabriel Landini
Greg Jefferis
Ignacio Arganda-Carreras
Jean-Yves Tinevez
Johannes Schindelin
Mark Longair
Pavel Tomancak
Stephan Preibisch
Stephan Saalfeld
Verena Kaynig
and all the good people providing ImageJ and plugins

See also http://fiji.sc/wiki/index.php/Contributors

Thanks
------

Our first and foremost thanks go to Wayne Rasband, who is not only a very
dedicated developer; he also fosters an active and friendly community
around ImageJ.

The rest of our thanks go to everybody who helped this project prosper.

Oh, and Fiji is also an island.  We just wanted to let you know.
